Hi.
Welcome.
Now currently we are just displaying the first products.
So in this lecture we're going to be able to display the two products we have in this products variable.
Okay.
Now to do this, we are going to need to cut this out of this place.
So what do I light?
Okay.
Since you're dead and with this culture and see to copy dead back speaks to the late.
But it's not as if all this era is for now.
Okay.
So what you're going to do is lose control and be selected smaller.
Then you're going to go to the Fields Square.
We're going to see where we are doing this shortly over here.
We're going to phase this.
Then we can add and use control and dots that supports the models package.
Okay.
Great.
All the products.
Okay.
So now the next thing we're going to do is they're going to pass all this fills.
We have.
To the first Korean to do this.
They're going to quality.
This is going to cost you all this.
And we're going to go to the fields.
So that's right.
Okay.
They're going to be passing this to the constructor and you're going to accept it in the field screen.
So to do that, they're going to place it at the top.
Now, you can see we just have the image, the product name and the price.
So we don't actually need the quantity for that category name value.
Okay.
As well we don't need.
I think we need the hard right.
We need the title, the product.
We don't need the description of the product.
We need the price of the product.
Okay.
Now we can turn a light and use control and that's you pass it on to the constructor and we can also
make all the fields required.
Required.
Okay.
Requires.
That's all.
Now you can see we need.
Two sets of air.
Okay.
Sorry.
Already feels great.
Okay.
It's good, though.
You can see it now.
So what you're going to do is.
Okay.
What you're going to do is you're going to say it.
The idea is going to be on this call for that's.
Then that is just products away.
Right.
Okay.
Now, rather than statically typing zero in the index.
Right.
Okay.
Then you're going to say, does it?
As well.
We need what we have.
We need a change for those of us in the tie to tie to this glory or this confidence.
Intense thoughts tighter.
Try to.
I think we are us the prize.
It is crucial for us.
Okay, look, we didn't pass a discussion.
We passed an image URL or the flag in the imagery.
It does not really matter.
We're just going to have to try it first.
It's going be other school.
Products.
Then it ends right then.
Price.
And finally I think that it was a real considérer is gone and the products.
Intends to assess each item.
Then this clearly does.
Image Yarrow.
Okay.
We need to chip away now.
Is this other stuff likely to happen?
Uh.
They learned that you can see how.
Okay.
Over here, we have one to generate 50.
Rather than doing this, regular use the length of the products.
Currently we have just two.
Right.
Okay.
So it is going to be on this call.
So that's.
Then towards land.
Okay.
Now, what you're going to do is to go back to this.
Now you're going to need to assess this variable.
They can see where it is.
It is not in the state class, but parts of it is in this first class that says this.
This this is a top level variable that says this.
Revenue needs to say, okay, get rid of this.
I need to see Richard.
That's.
Try to.
Okay.
The contest.
So I think that should be major.
That's.
Image the URL.
Click on this.
So this is going to be.
Widgets.
Dot.
Try to.
Okay.
Get rid of this.
And this is to be widgets.
We get.
Towards price.
Okay.
Then to string.
I did your cover and use control necessary to try now.
Okay.
I would agree on this.
Then.
These cartoonists who.
Okay.
And go check it out.
Great.
Guess our editor is now dynamic after use the use of this index, right?
The Indians is referring to the high production value.
So is going to see these as zero and is going to see these as two.
If you want to statically display any of this products, you can use this.
So this is zero and this is one, right?
So it's going to see this as Xero is going to see this as one.
If one is statically displayed.
This.
Yes.
Ways you're just going to pass in.
We just got a fast in one of our rides and.
One always says glad display.
The second product rather agenda is the ability to pass in the intense to its display.
Individual products we have.
Okay, great.
Another reason is in the future, if not, and in this lecture, they're going to start using state
management.
So you're going to learn a lot to make this more cleaner and more concise.
Okay.
So now I just want to say, you can see.
We have.
Finally, just 22 generically.
Okay.
See you guys in in this lecture.